Our team found the encouraging example of Brother Hosea Luis Ayala, who lives in Mexico City.
He was born deaf and then became completely blind by the age of 29.
When he found the truth and wanted to study the Bible,
our brothers lovingly made the effort to help him overcome these obstacles.
I was devastated.
Being completely deaf and now blind was depressing.
Life became difficult.
I had to use a cane.
I couldn't get around like I used to.
I became afraid of walking on my own.
I was very sad.
Then I met the witnesses and they treated me well.
Their conduct was different from the people at my old job who often mistreated me.
As I learned more and more about the Bible, my life changed.
The brothers take turns picking him up for the meetings and then afterwards they take him back home.
Hosea Luis really made lots of changes to clean up his conduct and please Jehovah.
After several years, I approached the brothers about getting baptized.
They said, are you sure?
And I said, yes, I want to.
So after going over the questions, I got baptized.
The congregation has a loving arrangement where they assign brothers to help me prepare for the meetings.
Because obviously I can't see the videos or study material like the watchtower.
But there are brothers who come and explain the information to me so I can put everything into braille.
That way I can later give comments or deliver an assignment at the meeting.
At the Kingdom Hall, sometimes I help with maintenance and with cleaning.
I even help out in the magazine department.
Some in the congregation invited me to go preaching with them.
Three years ago, some brothers took me to a soccer field to play.
The brothers were surprised at what I could do.
Afterwards, they gave me a lot of delicious food and drinks.
I ate and drank everything.
In 2011, I was appointed as an elder.
And for two years, I have been serving as a regular pioneer.
The body of elders has seen that José Luis is very good at giving encouragement to other publishers in the congregation.
It's interesting.
We've actually assigned him to give talks to the assemblies.
The audience really benefits from his way of presenting the information.
Second Corinthians 2.10 says, for when I am weak, then I am powerful.
The Spanish-speaking congregations often request him to go and give talks, even though they don't know sign language.
I use my notes in braille and give the talk in sign language,
while another brother interprets simultaneously using a microphone.
When I feel that 30 minutes have passed, I finish, and instead of clapping,
everybody applaud with their feet so I can feel it.
They've told me that some in the audience begin to cry.
It's not easy for me to deliver a talk, but when I realize this may encourage others, the effort is worth it.
We all struggle with certain experiences and difficulties in life.
However, when you talk with José Luis and see the things he does,
and how he loves Jehovah, how he serves him with a complete heart,
his living example shows us there is no obstacle to great.
I think of what I was able to do before, how I could enjoy seeing beautiful gardens before I became blind.
I patiently wait for the future that I have learned about.
I strive to be worthy to see with my own eyes what we hope for so much.
Even if I die, I know Jehovah can resurrect me.
In the future, when I can see again, I can imagine the tears when I see and hear all the brothers and sisters who have been my friends,
and to be able to greet them in person, how nice it will be to give them a hug.
It will make me so happy and thankful for the blessing of Jehovah.
This is my hope.
Brother Ayala is grateful for the assistance from his congregation to grow spiritually.
And we saw how he now enjoys giving spiritual gifts to others,
as he personally looks ahead to God's promises for the death and blind.